the first novel I ever wrote was an Indy
400 1990 Indy 500 STS it was a bad boy
my first letter was in 1989 SKS 500
flares and the XLT special when the snow
flew in the trail called one sled stood
apart from the rest
fast fun and reliable this was the first
snowmobile to move independent front
suspension from the track to the trail
this was a legend in the making
this was Polaris indeed
for 2013 the legend returns introducing
the all-new polaris Indy 600 and Indy
600 sp they ride on the world's most
advanced snowmobile chassis light rigid
and perfectly balanced for precise
handling even in the nastiest terrain
the bulletproof 600 le clean fire engine
delivers outstanding throttle response
and industry-leading acceleration while
the fully coupled rear suspension soaks
up bumps and keeps you in control true
to their name the new Indies feature the
next generation of our race proving
independent front suspension the
unbeatable combination of pro ride
steering and patented variable caster
design virtually eliminates bump steer
this is the most precise capable and
confidence-inspiring front end on any
trail
put it all together and you've got the
perfect sleds for pure performance fun
Polaris indeed the original terrain
Dominator is back and better than ever I
think my most memorable moment on my
Andy was just getting out on the lake
for the first time and in pinching the
throttle wide open I was actually 15 and
my parents co-signed on a loan it was so
important to me to have my own
snowmobile because I wanted to not get
in trouble every time I bent it my
parents brought me up on the Andy ever
since I was a young kid they just always
had Flair snowmobiles around me Andy was
a sled to have that was my foundation to
my racing career was in use my original
XLT was super reliable wheres
reintroducing the Indy brand is awesome
I just truly hope that people have as
many good memories on the new Indy as I
did on my old Indy
snowmobiling 'he's most famous name is
back for more more performance more fun
more total terrain domination Polaris
Indy the legend returns